So...
So I got the job and I moved over here and I've been here ever since.
And I love it.
Who would have built with a shelter for
um look like a traffic cue.
So kinda coord with code red.
No, it was uh for youth, so 18 and 24.
Yeah. Yeah, something like that. So...
Um...
Then I've just been living here ever since and I love it. Yeah.
Yeah.
I'm not very thrifty. I'm use to it for a while, I was paycheck to paycheck.
Just getting adjusted too.
But, you know, it was crazy because when I moved over here
again, for the second time, I wouldn't
less money than I was in Arizona. So
Yes.
Yeah.
Where did you go to, Arizona?
Okay.
Oh, okay.
Where? It's in Gilbert as well? It's in Chandler, okay.
Okay.
Oh, okay.
I'm thinking a celebrity like...
Uh-huh.
Did you guys get to do the...
Did you get to the do live rock?
Yeah.
Oh.
Yes, on the walls and stuff, how they have them.
I remember drawing when I was 14.
And that slide rock is stuck in my head all these years.
Um... Flagstaff is really nice.
And the It's so beautiful. It's um
Do you go, when it was winter or summer?
Oh. Snow?
Okay.
Wow.
Oh my gosh, that's so crazy.
Did you guys get a bowl? I haven't been there since they did this but...
What is it called though? That walkway,
clear and you can walk across it.
Oh.
Right.
Okay.
Yeah.
Would you do it though?
Me, neither.
For me, I wouldn't go just for the fear, like
The fear of it. Yeah. Like, I get really panicked.
crime with a prime target.
I went...
I've been with family. But family vacations to
drive by it. And I think the last time I went I was like fifteen.
But when I was 11 and 12, or no, 12 and 13, I did this
program...